# Autocoding-clinical-documents
Extract codes from clinical documents to support automated clinical decision processes

## Outline
This project leverages [MetaMapLite](https://lhncbc.nlm.nih.gov/ii/tools/MetaMap/run-locally/MetaMapLite.html)
to find clinical terms in free text documents. **MetaMapLite** uses [The Unified Medical Language System](http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/) as it's code/description database. **MetaMapLite** scans a free text document looking for terms and phrases that match the descriptions in UMLS and returns the matching UMLS codes.

However, you have to wrap code around **MetaMapLite** in order to create a solution for any specific Use Case. You may have to pre-process the document; replace abbreviations with their full description, correct any common typos etc. And you may need to analyse the document to identify any section of past conditions/illnesses and exclude these if you are attempting to determine any current conditions/illnesses. And there may be more coding to do after **MetaMapLite** returns the UMLS codes; you may need process negation and mark some codes and not conditions/illnesses; or map UMLS codes to some other coding system [ULMS has the mapping table for doing this]. And after the coding you may need to do some analysis; a cancer registry may only want to know about the cancer terms and what type of cancer, but a cervical cancer surveylance and management program would want to know the type of cancer and where it was found, discarding all non-cervical cancer findings. For this you may need to juxtoposition analysis of the codes, looking for Body Part (Topology) and Finding (Morphology) pairs. Even this may be too granular for clinic decision and treatment plan actions. You may need to pass these site/finding pairs through some sort of decision logic to prioritize the most appropriate action plan.

This project provides a framework for this sort of activity. The code is configurable for each specific type or class of clinica document and each specific Use Case for that type/class of clinical document. However, you may need to maintain multiple configuration and multiple instances. And you may need to pre-analyse document and route them to a specific solution based upon the source (Pathology laboratory or Endoscopic application).
You may need to route anatomical pathology reports to different solutions based up the software used by each pathology service. And in a worse case scenario you may need to route documents to different solutions based upon the reporting pathologist, because different pathologists use different templates for the same investigative procedure. Configuring/building different solutions and routing documents to different solutions is left as an exercise for the reader.
