BRI 2018 04064
Specimen:           CERVICAL BIOPSY POSTERIOR LIP 6 O'CLOCK
                    (ADDITIONAL REPORT ATTACHED - 22/01/18)

Macroscopic:        (SAP/SP)

The specimen consists of four pieces 10 x 5 x 4mm in aggregate.

Microscopic:

The cervical biopsy demonstrates the transformation zone.  The squamous
mucosa demonstrates a high grade squamous intraepithelial lesion
corresponding to cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 3 (CIN 3).  Very
focally at the interface between the ectocervix and endocervical
junction there is pronounced squamatisation of the CIN 3 extending down
a cervical gland.  This squamatisation (paradoxical maturation) is
normally suspicious for invasive carcinoma, however, on levels,
convincing invasion into the cervical stroma is not definitively seen
(although imminent invasion is suspected).  No desmoplastic stromal
reaction is identified.  In this biopsy, the resection margin is clear
of this suspicious foci.  P16 demonstrates positive block staining of
the CIN 3 and MIB1 proliferation index shows full thickness staining.
No glandular lesion is seen.  The CIN 3 is seen extending to peripheral
margins.

SUMMARY:  CERVICAL BIOPSY POSTERIOR LIP 6 O'CLOCK: CIN 3 AND
          A SINGLE FOCUS SUSPICIOUS FOR IMMINENT INVASION
          (PLEASE SEE DESCRIPTION).

COMMENT:  A second opinion will be sort.

Reported and checked by Dr Russell McDonell.

ADDITIONAL REPORT ADDED BY DR RUSSELL MCDONELL - 22/01/18:

This case has been reviewed by Dr Russell who agrees with a high grade
squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL) with a focus that shows squamoid
features extending down an endocervical gland. No invasive carcinoma is
identified. The features are reminiscent of a recently described entity '
pleomorphic HSIL'. Please see reference below.

SUMMARY:  CERVICAL BIOPSY POSTERIOR LIP 6 O'CLOCK - HIGH GRADE
          SQUAMOUS INTRAEPITHELIAL LESION (CIN2-3) NEGATIVE FOR
          INVASION.

Reference: Pathology. 2017 Aug;49(5):465-470. doi:
10.1016/russell.mcdonell.2017.05.002. Epub 2017 Jun 27.
High-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL) of the cervix with
bizarre cytological appearances ('pleomorphic HSIL'): a review of 19
cases.
McDonell RAM1.

//CD4
T83000/M67017
R/rm/RM

