CLINICAL HISTORY

ECC for histology, Cervical biopsy 4 o'clock. CST positive for HPV 18, 
LBC neg 20/12/2017.

MACROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

Two specimens are received.

The first specimen is labelled 'Russell McDonell; ECC' and consists of 
tiny fragments of tan tissue measuring in aggregate 2 x 1 x 1mm with 
pinpoint material. Blocked in toto - 1A.

The second specimen is labelled 'Russell McDonell; CX BIOPSY 4 O'CLOCK' 
and consists of a piece of soft, cream tissue measuring 2 x 1 x 1mm. 
Blocked in toto - 2A.

Prosector: Russell McDonell/rm


MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

1.  This endocervical curettage specimen consists of abundant mucous 
with occasional single shed endocervical cells, and squamous 
metaplastic epithelial cells.  No abnormality is seen. 

2.  This cervical biopsy consists of unremarkable endocervical mucosa 
only.  No squamous epithelium is included.  The endocervical epithelium 
is unremarkable. 

DIAGNOSIS:

1.  ENDOCERVICAL CURETTAGE - WITHIN NORMAL LIMITS.

2.  CERVIX, BIOPSY - UNREMARKABLE ENDOCERVICAL MUCOSA ONLY.


Lab #  2018A000988

CLINICAL HISTORY

ECC for histology, Cervical biopsy 4 o'clock. CST positive for HPV 18,
LBC neg 20/12/2017.

MACROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

Two specimens are received.

The first specimen is labelled 'Russell McDonell; ECC' and consists of
tiny fragments of tan tissue measuring in aggregate 2 x 1 x 1mm with
pinpoint material. Blocked in toto - 1A.

The second specimen is labelled 'Russell McDonell; CX BIOPSY 4 O'CLOCK'
and consists of a piece of soft, cream tissue measuring 2 x 1 x 1mm.
Blocked in toto - 2A.

Prosector: Russell McDonell/rm


MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

1.  This endocervical curettage specimen consists of abundant mucous
with occasional single shed endocervical cells, and squamous
metaplastic epithelial cells.  No abnormality is seen.

2.  This cervical biopsy consists of unremarkable endocervical mucosa
only.  No squamous epithelium is included.  The endocervical epithelium
is unremarkable.

DIAGNOSIS:

1.  ENDOCERVICAL CURETTAGE - WITHIN NORMAL LIMITS.

2.  CERVIX, BIOPSY - UNREMARKABLE ENDOCERVICAL MUCOSA ONLY.

PATHOLOGIST: Dr Russell McDonell Phone: (03)97533487



                                        END OF REPORT

T-83200,M-00100,1. ENDOCERVICAL CURETTAGE - WITHIN NORMAL LIMITS.
2. CERVIX, BIOPSY - UNREMARKABLE ENDOCERVICAL MUCOSA ONLY.
PATHOLOGIST: Dr Russell McDonell Phone: (03)97533487

