CLINICAL HISTORY

Cervical biopsy for Histopathology.  HPV 18 detected.  Cytology 
negative.  Colposcopy.

MACROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

One specimen is received labelled 'Russell McDonell - BX CERVIX' and 
consists of a single fragment of tan tissue measuring 3 x 2 x &lt;1mm.  
Submitted in toto - 1A.

Prosector: Russell McDonell/rm


MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

The specimen consists of mucous and a crushed strip of squamous 
epithelium.  Neutrophils are seen throughout the squamous epithelium.  
Some nuclear atypia is present which could be reactive in nature.  The 
biopsy is suboptimal for interpretation due to its crushed nature and 
small volume of tissue available for assessment.  The endocervical 
epithelium is unremarkable.

DIAGNOSIS:

CERVIX, BIOPSY - NO DEFINITE ABNORMALITY IS SEEN.

Comment:  Re-biopsy may be prudent if clinical suspicion of a 
significant lesion persists.


Lab #  2018A001017

CLINICAL HISTORY

Cervical biopsy for Histopathology.  HPV 18 detected.  Cytology
negative.  Colposcopy.

MACROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

One specimen is received labelled 'Russell McDonell - BX CERVIX' and
consists of a single fragment of tan tissue measuring 3 x 2 x &lt;1mm.
Submitted in toto - 1A.

Prosector: Russell McDonell/rm


MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

The specimen consists of mucous and a crushed strip of squamous
epithelium.  Neutrophils are seen throughout the squamous epithelium.
Some nuclear atypia is present which could be reactive in nature.  The
biopsy is suboptimal for interpretation due to its crushed nature and
small volume of tissue available for assessment.  The endocervical
epithelium is unremarkable.

DIAGNOSIS:

CERVIX, BIOPSY - NO DEFINITE ABNORMALITY IS SEEN.

Comment:  Re-biopsy may be prudent if clinical suspicion of a
significant lesion persists.

PATHOLOGIST: Dr Russell McDonell Phone: (03)97533487



                                        END OF REPORT

T-83200,M-09000,CERVIX, BIOPSY - NO DEFINITE ABNORMALITY IS SEEN.
Comment: Re-biopsy may be prudent if clinical suspicion of a
significant lesion persists.
PATHOLOGIST: Dr Russell McDonell Phone: (03)97533487

